In this sample, I have laid the groundwork for the first half of my soundscape project with Santa Claus going to his workshop. It starts with a clip of Santa drinking milk. There is then a short conversation between Santa and Mrs. Claus to provide some context to the soundscape to introduce their characters and set the scene in the North Pole. The next sound paints the scene of Santa walking outside through snow and wind. After a few seconds, sounds of Santa's Workshop begin to fade in with high-pitched background noise of elves at work and the chiming of bells. I also added in a clip of one of the elves whispering "He's here" by editing my voice to a higher pitch as if they just realized Santa arrived. 
My next steps will be to add more detail between the Claus's conversation and Santa's walk to the workshop. I need to add the sound of him eating a cookie on top of the sound of him drinking milk, and then I would like to add more specific sounds like Santa getting up from his chair, putting on and zipping up a coat, walking to the door, closing the door, and sighing. I would love to be able to have an audio that sounds like hundreds of elves saying "Good morning, Santa" or "Hello, Santa," but I am struggling with the logistics. I tried doing this with six different recordings of my voice at a higher pitch, and it just sounded creepy. I think it would be cool to have Santa open the door to the workshop, the noise that we've heard building from outside gets much louder, it gets completely silent, and then we hear all of the elves greeting Santa. I will continue working with this idea over the next few days to find a way to make it work. I am also thinking of adding in a small plot line to make this soundscape more of a story. Maybe Santa left something in the workshop yesterday that he needs to find or is having a special gift made for Mrs. Claus for their anniversary. I will keep thinking of ideas. Overall, I am happy with what I have put together so far considering I have never used Audacity before last week, and I am excited to see how this project will come together!